Two literary experts, Ray Bradbury and Umberto Eco, have a fruitful conversation.  They discuss about the idea of a new sci fi story which is written below.  They have a conversation about specific ways to make the story more interesting, more engaging and smarter, always contributing concrete examples for the story plot.  They propose slight modifications to the story and additions to achieve a better story. They discuss specifically how the story would start, how it would evolve and conclude, with detail.  They have a special emphasis on the story being coherent and original.  Both authors bring their style of storytelling to the discussion and harmonize to make a great story. They do not repeat each other's ideas, but critique in concrete detail and evolve the story coherently in concrete detail.  In each step of the conversation they add some more concrete detail to the story.  Once they agree on some of the structure of the story, they move on to discuss the concrete specifics and other parts of it. They keep on discussing more parts of the story continually, in order to know how the story begins, the problems it poses and how the story continues and resolves.  They go into detail in each part of the story, the beginning, middle and ending. They discuss details about who the main characters are, what are their motivations, what are the plot crucial events.  If they agree on something, they keep on proposing or asking questions about other parts of the plot.  They will never stop discussing the story for any reason. Occasionally they disagree and find some middle ground.  The story does not violate any laws of physics, it's realistic sci-fi. The conversation leads to an expansion of the concrete ideas of the synopsis, with detail. Details to the plot are added, like exactly what happens to the character, exactly where he is, exactly what is happening. When one of the authors asks a question, the other one always tries to address it.  No general ideas are discussed without specific examples that could be added to the plot. If there is something that doesn't make sense in the plot, they immediately point it out.